{{{
CDSB - Prepare for Installation of Cadence products on FreeBSD.
Copyright (C) 2008 Zhang Liang

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Email: meitolake@gmail.com

This file describes the general mechanism for installing and executing rc
scripts of Cadence products on FreeBSD.

The /compat/linux/etc/rcCDS.d directory contains rc scripts of Cadence
products. File names in /compat/linux/etc/rcCDS.d are of the form S??* or the
form K??* where 'S' means start this script, 'K' means kill this script, and
'??' is the relative sequence number for starting or killing the script.

At system boot, the /usr/local/etc/rc.d/cdsrc script executes those scripts in
/compat/linux/etc/rcCDS.d that are prefixed with 'S'. At system shutdown, the
/usr/local/etc/rc.d/cdsrc script executes those scripts in
/compat/linux/etc/rcCDS.d that are prefixed with 'K'.

When executing each script in /compat/linux/etc/rcCDS.d, the
/usr/local/etc/rc.d/cdsrc script passes a single argument. It passes the
argument 'start' for scripts prefixed with 'S' and the argument 'stop' for
scripts prefixed with 'K'.
}}}