#labels Phase-Deploy
{{{
CDSB - Prepare for Installation of Cadence products on FreeBSD.
Copyright (C) 2008 Zhang Liang

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Email: meitolake@gmail.com

This file explains installation of Cadence products on FreeBSD 7.0 for i386.
Two examples are covered in this file, IC 5.1.41 and IC 6.1.0 for Linux X86.

Preparation

    1. Login as root.

    2. Install or update the Ports tree, see FreeBSD documentation for details.
       For example, use the portsnap command:

	Install the Ports tree:

	    portsnap fetch extract

	Update the Ports tree:

	    portsnap fetch update

    3. Use CDSB to prepare for installation of Cadence products on FreeBSD:

	    gzip -cd cdsb_1.0.tar.gz | tar xvf -
	    ./cdsb_1.0/bin/cdsb

    4. Create an account for managing Cadence software, this account should use
       the Linux shell, such as /compat/linux/bin/sh or /compat/linux/bin/csh.
       For example, use the adduser command to create an account, the user name
       is cdsmgr. See FreeBSD documentation for details.

    5. Use the Linux shell to install the Netscape browser for Linux. Such as
       Netscape 7.x.

Installing Cadence products

    1. Installing IC 5.1.41

	1. Login as root, mount CD. For example:

	    mount_cd9660 /dev/cd0 /cdrom

	2. Login as cdsmgr, run SETUP.SH to start SoftLoad. For example:

	    /cdrom/SETUP.SH

	3. Use SoftLoad to install and configure Cadence products, see Cadence
	   documentation for details.

    2. Installing IC 6.1.0

	1. Login as root, mount CD. For example:

	    mount_cd9660 /dev/cd0 /cdrom

	2. Login as cdsmgr, run SETUP.SH to start InstallScape. For example:

	    /cdrom/SETUP.SH

	3. InstallScape cannot start. To solve this, install the other version
	   of the Java Runtime Environment for Linux from Ports. Enter in the
	   InstallScape iscape/runtime directory and create a link to point to
	   it. For example, the Java Runtime Environment is installed from
	   Ports into the path_to_jre directory, to create a link:

	    mv LNX86 LNX86_bak
	    ln -s path_to_jre LNX86

	4. Run InstallScape to install and configure Cadence products, see
	   Cadence documentation for details. For example:

	    ./path_to_InstallScape/iscape/bin/iscape.sh

	   The path_to_InstallScape directory is the InstallScape installation
	   directory.

    3. Create and put rc scripts in the /compat/linux/etc/rcCDS.d directory,
       See the /compat/linux/etc/rcCDS.d/README file for details. For example,
       the license daemons startup script.
}}}